Add link to careers page (#1031)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/2023-03/structured-variables-raw-kubernetes-yaml/index.md

Structured variable substitution gives you a lightweight way to keep your configurations clean, while customizing them for scoping conditions relevant to your deployment scenario.

> There is a lot of exciting work going on in this space right now, and if you feel like this is something you’d be interested in, please keep an eye on [our careers page](https://octopus.com/company/careers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's lots of exciting work going on in this space at Octopus right now. If you're a software engineer and this is something you’re interested in, please keep an eye on [our careers page](https://octopus.com/company/careers).
```
